[Autogenerated] I can also directly export the data of a table in a text filer.
Using these option Ana the pop up menu of a table Noda extract.
I can choose the Koran Dream eater, comma semicolon,
etcetera the character ________.
Dairy meter letters click finish.
So the creation of the user filer is mentioned in the
sequel results of you and the user file itself is correctly
created in the files of a folder.
Here is the content of the file In plain text,
we can check the contrary letters.
They let the data from the user table.
I'll see to run this.
If I run the select count once again, I'll see the count is now zero.
So I have dilated the content of the table that is,
Go back to the data source view.
See,
like the user pop up menu data loader navigate to the user
that txt filer import this data in the table.
The sequel results view tells us that six Rosa have been created A
and indeed a If I run the select count once again,
I'll see I have now the six users that are back in my database.
So this import export functionality is also very Andy,
especially if you already have data in a text fight that you want to import directly within my secret.